Web Design Matters because:
Nature: Web 
1.	First Impression: Web Design sets the first impression of a User. When a user visits a website, they will first notice the designing of a website and if the design of the website is good then it will create a good impression on them. 
2.	Trust: Websites with good design are trusted by users.  Users will never trust a rougly designed website for any work. So having a good web design is a must for every website to create a trust in users about their product.
3.	Increase Session Duration: Everybody wants people to not only visit their website but also wants them to stay for a longer duration on their website and web designing makes it easier for people to stay longer on any website as people will have good impression about that website and they would stay their for longer session duration as compared to poorly designed websites. 
4.	Attraction: Web Designing makes Websites look attractive and we all know Attractive things sells. In todays world, there are many options available to people so to attract people to your website it is very important to have a web designed website. As a nicely designed website is the one of the easiest ways to attract people. 
5.	Brand Image: Web design helps in creating a brand image in peoples mind. If the design of a website is not good then it will create bad brand image in peoples mind. Therefore, it is very essential to have a nicely designed website for creating a good brand image.
6.	User-friendly: Web design is very important for a website because if you have not designed a website perfectly then users will not be able to see many details present in the website which are important to them and thus creates bad impression and they will leave the website without getting their details.
7.	Increase Revenues: Web Designing is very useful in businesses as they are able to attract people to their products by the use of the web designs through which they earn good revenues. Therefore, Web Design makes it easier for companies to attract people to their products.
8.	Competition: For many industries having a nicely designed websites is very important to give competition to their competitors in the market. As in todays world, Most of the things are done online and for any business if they have not a good design website then their competitors will become superior to them and slowly their market will reduce. 
9.	Scalable: A website should be well designed because there are daily updates over websites and for making updates to a websites it is required to have good designing of a website because if a website is not designed nicely then their will be lot of confusions during making updates in the website. Therefore, a good web design is necessary for every website.
10.	Navigation: A web design matters because web design is used to design the layout and looks of a website. Web Design is very important for websites which are business related because web design makes it easy for all users to navigate and also helps in companies to attract users. 
 95% people make their impression just by looking at the design and looks of the website. Therefore, it is essential for every website to have good web design for creating good impressions. To become superior to competitors, having a nicely designed is mostly required. Web Design is a must for professional Works as helps to get good reach for their work. A website must be properly designed so that users are able to see everything they want to see in the website. For any brand, it is very important to create a good brand image in peoples mind and web design plays a very important role in this as by looking at the designing of a website people develop about a brand. Web Design helps in increasing session duration. Therefore, by looking at the facts we know why web design matters so mush.
      Web Design Course

